# RANDOM TEAM GENERATOR

This is a **CLI application** where I utilized what I have learnt in Programming 1 and some of my basic research on compilers to work on a simple script that scans, parses, and execute a `.rtgen` program.

The scanner and parser are basic and could be buggy and no tests have been written yet. This means that not all edge cases are handled.

The purpose of this basic interpreter is to generate teams randonly based on the instructions provided in a `.rtgen` script.

## EXAMPLES

For example: If a file called `sample.rtgen` has the following instructions:

```rtgen
LOAD names.txt 

SET T_DESC teams_desc.txt

GENERATE -verbose

PRINT output.txt 
```

When passed to the script outputs:

```bash
$ python3 rtgen.py sample.rtgen

Loading content of names.txt to memory...
Setting option "T_DESC" based on argument "teams_desc.txt"...
Based on teams_desc.txt, setting teams description...
Generating teams randomly from names and configuration...

~~~~ Team 1 MEMBERS ~~~~
1: Titi Olufeyikemi
2: Juwon
3: Titi Aligbe
4: Ben Ten

~~~~ Team 1 DESC ~~~~
This is team 1 description

~~~~ Team 2 MEMBERS ~~~~
1: Ifeoma Tamunoemi
2: Miracle
3: Emeka Joshua
4: Sunshine

~~~~ Team 2 DESC ~~~~
This is team 2 description

~~~~ Team 3 MEMBERS ~~~~
1: Adegoke Odunayo
2: Chinyere Sulaimon
3: Lankard Man
4: Jolayemi Sulaimon

~~~~ Team 3 DESC ~~~~


~~~~ Team 4 MEMBERS ~~~~
1: Chukwu Okunola
2: Bolatito
3: Solomon Grandy
4: Tobiloba Latifat

~~~~ Team 4 DESC ~~~~
This is team 4 description

~~~~ Team 5 MEMBERS ~~~~
1: Ifeanyichukwu Emmanuel
2: Chizoba Onohinosen
3: Bankole Afolabi
4: Rotimi Bello

~~~~ Team 5 DESC ~~~~

Saving results to output.txt...
```

**Where names.txt contain dummy names and team_desc.txt contains:**

```bash
1 - This is team 1 description
2 - This is team 2 description
4 - This is team 4 description
```

> **NOTE:** Ensure that the file you passed to **T_DESC** is formatted similarly to `team_desc.txt`.

## SUPPORTED KEYWORDS

- **LOAD:** This loads the content of a file into memory where file must contain names of **1-2 words** length seperated by newline.
    > **USAGE:** `LOAD sample_names.txt`

- **SET:** This allows for basic configurations that leads to more control over the generated results.
  It permits a few configuration:
  
  - **NO_PER_T:** This sets the number of members a team would contain.
  - **NO_OF_T:** This sets the number of teams that should be generated.
    > **NOTE:** This is only obeyed if the names provided can generate more teams than the required number of teams.

  - **T_DESC:** Uses the descriptions present in the file provided to it as argument.
  
  > **USAGE:** `SET [CONFIG_TYPE] [CONFIG_VALUE]`

- **COMBINE:** This combines the new list of names in the file provided to the already existing list of names. Duplicates are removed automatically.
  > **NOTE:** This can only be used after `LOAD` has been used.
  > **USAGE:** `COMBINE [filename]`

- **GENERATE:** This generates the teams randomly based on the configurations. If a file is not loaded, no result is generated and no error thrown.
  It accepts any of these options:
  
  - `-quiet`: This outputs only the remaining names that weren't assigned, if any.
  - `-verbose`: This outputs only the result generated.
  > **USAGE:** `GENERATE [-quiet|-verbose]`

- **PRINT:** Outputs the result generated by `GENERATE` to the given file. It erases what exists in the file and pour the freshly generated result into it.
  > **USAGE:** `PRINT output.txt`
